Increasing Test coverage (#59)
sunpy/sunkit-image: changelog/59.bugfix.rst

> Changed minimum version of `skimage` to 0.18.0, preventing faulty code in :meth:`sunkit-image.utils.points_in_poly`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increased the minimum version of "skimage" to 0.18.0, preventing faulty code in :meth:`sunkit-image.utils.points_in_poly`.
```
